README.md, before:

# native-json

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/native-json.png?downloads=true&downloadRank=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/native-json/)

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/mkrufky/native-json.svg?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/mkrufky/native-json)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/ppji2pqdtj5q7766?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/mkrufky/native-json)

native-json is a header package for building c++ native addons for node.js that is meant to complement **[nan](https://github.com/nodejs/nan)** by adding an interface to the v8::JSON object's Parse and Stringify methods that can be relied upon regardless of the version of node.js that the addon is being build against.

<a name="usage"></a>
## Usage

Simply add **native-json** as a dependency in the *package.json* of your Node addon:

``` bash
$ npm install --save native-json
```

Pull in the paths to **nan** and **native-json** in your *binding.gyp* so that you can use `#include <native-json.h>` in your *.cpp* files:

``` python
"include_dirs" : [
    "<!(node -e \"require('nan')\")",
    "<!(node -e \"require('native-json')\")"
]
```

This works like a `-I<path-to-native-json>` when compiling your addon.

<a name="tests"></a>
### Tests

To run the NAN tests do:

``` sh
npm install
npm run-script rebuild-tests
npm test
```

Or just:

``` sh
npm install
make test
```

## Licence &amp; copyright

Copyright (c) 2017 Michael Ira Krufky

native-json is licensed under an MIT license. All rights not explicitly granted in the MIT license are reserved. See the included LICENSE file for more details.

Commit message:

README.md: nan is a dependency of native-json
Signed-off-by: Michael Ira Krufky <mkrufky@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# native-json

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/native-json.png?downloads=true&downloadRank=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/native-json/)

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/mkrufky/native-json.svg?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/mkrufky/native-json)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/ppji2pqdtj5q7766?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/mkrufky/native-json)

native-json is a header package for building c++ native addons for node.js that is meant to complement **[nan](https://github.com/nodejs/nan)** by adding an interface to the v8::JSON object's Parse and Stringify methods that can be relied upon regardless of the version of node.js that the addon is being build against.

<a name="usage"></a>
## Usage

Simply add **nan** and **native-json** as dependencies in the *package.json* of your Node addon:

``` bash
$ npm install --save nan
$ npm install --save native-json
```

Pull in the paths to **nan** and **native-json** in your *binding.gyp* so that you can use `#include <native-json.h>` in your *.cpp* files:

``` python
"include_dirs" : [
    "<!(node -e \"require('nan')\")",
    "<!(node -e \"require('native-json')\")"
]
```

This works like a `-I<path-to-native-json>` when compiling your addon.

<a name="tests"></a>
### Tests

To run the native-json tests do:

``` sh
npm install
npm run-script rebuild-tests
npm test
```

Or just:

``` sh
npm install
make test
```

## Licence &amp; copyright

Copyright (c) 2017 Michael Ira Krufky

native-json is licensed under an MIT license. All rights not explicitly granted in the MIT license are reserved. See the included LICENSE file for more details.
